So as ah, reserve electrician's mate Chief, I recently went to the USS
Blue Ridge. I was in the electrical department and I was in charge
of this of a group of maybe I'm 15 electrician's who we were going through
this really intense program. It's called unserved, and they hadn't
been in chief there in the unit for a long time. So basically
the, uh, second class in the first class classes that were there, they
were actually running the unit. And to tell the truth, without a
chief there, it had gotten a little out of hand. Um, there's a lot of
gun decking going on. There's a lot of gun decking is when you say
that you're supposed to do with some work, but you actually don't do
it or you don't do it correctly or you don't do it completely. Um,
there had been, uh, I guess lots of lots of team members like leaving
throughout the day and then coming back later on, and you don't really
know where they are, you know, chances are they could have been
in Iraq. They could have been just walking around the ship or on the
flight deck you know, not really working, You know, their mind and
things like that going on. And they hadn't been corrected for a long
time for for many months. You know, there's only one officer in the
unit, and she couldn't really look at the whole entire unit. So when
I once I came there, um, I have to correct those things. And so
one of the things that I wanted to do was say, Well, we should write
down all the things that we're gonna be doing with little boxes and
and once they get complete, then we check the boxes off. And they were
very adamant against that. At least the the first class and second
class leadership that was there. Um, that's because that's kind of
like going into their field. It's like, well, you know, micromanaging.
But it's not micromanaging, you know, like I I I've done the same
at my university. I've done the same with all of the other units
that I've been with, you know, so and I think it really works. It really
helps the leadership know exactly what's going to be accomplished.
Tells a unit what we're expecting of them, and it allows us to keep
track throughout the rest of the day. So I was pretty adamant about
wanting to do that. And, um, the first class and second class is
did not want to do that, just like we'll get it done at our own pace.
Don't worry about it. New Chief. So that was Ah, point of conflict.
Um, yeah. It was, uh, strong words there, and eventually it I had
to go into the friend zone and try toe work with them as a team rather
than this, you know, super strict, chief to get it done and eventually
was done my way. But it didn't come without a price.